README.md, before:

---

<div align="center">

[![Sourcery](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sourcery-enabled-brightgreen)](https://sourcery.ai)
[![Poetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/packaging-poetry-cyan.svg)](https://python-poetry.org/)
[![GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

</div>

<hr>

# Vita - Voice Cloning

Welcome to the AI Voice Cloning project, where cutting-edge artificial intelligence techniques are harnessed to create remarkably lifelike synthetic voices. 

## Key Features

- **Voice Synthesis**: Our system allows you to generate synthetic voices that sound remarkably similar to human voices.

- **Customization**: Fine-tune the generated voices to match specific requirements, from pitch and tone to accent and language.

- **Easy Integration**: Integrate our AI voice cloning technology seamlessly into your applications, products, or services.

- **Open Source**: We believe in collaboration and progress. This project is open source, encouraging contributions from the AI community.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)


## Prerequisites

Before setting up the project, ensure that you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- Python (version 3.10.10):
  (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- Poetry (version 1.4.0):
  (https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

## Installation

1. Clone the project repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/olympian-21/Vita
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd vita
```

3. Install project dependencies using Poetry:

```
poetry install
```

This command will create a virtual environment and install all the necessary dependencies specified in the `pyproject.toml` file.

## Usage

1. Activate the virtual environment created by Poetry:

```
poetry shell
```

2. Run the project:

```
streamlit run "vita/app.py"
```

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, follow the guidelines below:

1. Fork the repository and clone it locally.

2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature
   ```

3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.

4. Push your changes to your forked repository:
   ```
   git push origin feature/your-feature
   ```

5. Open a pull request in the original repository, describing your changes in detail.


## License

GPL v3

---

Commit message:

config: bark and coqui voice cloning is awful, this repository will be a various toolbox

README.md, after:

---

<div align="center">

[![Sourcery](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sourcery-enabled-brightgreen)](https://sourcery.ai)
[![Poetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/packaging-poetry-cyan.svg)](https://python-poetry.org/)
[![GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

</div>

<hr>

# Vita - Various Toolbox

Welcome to the Vita (β) Toolbox! This repository serves as a collection of various mini tools designed to simplify and enhance different tasks and processes. Whether you're a developer, data scientist, or just someone looking to streamline everyday tasks, you'll find something useful here.

## Key Features

- **Image Editor**: Our Image Editor enables comprehensive image editing with a user-friendly interface.

- **Video Editor**: The Video Editor empowers you to create and edit stunning videos effortlessly.

- **Convert PDF to Image**: Easily convert PDF documents into various image formats using our PDF to Image Converter.

- **Grammar Fixer and Spelling Correction**: Improve written content with our Grammar Fixer and Spelling Correction tool.

- **Internet Downloader**: Simplify web content retrieval and management with our Internet Downloader.


## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)


## Prerequisites

Before setting up the project, ensure that you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- Python (version 3.10.10):
  (https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- Poetry (version 1.4.0):
  (https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

## Installation

1. Clone the project repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/olympian-21/Vita
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd vita
```

3. Install project dependencies using Poetry:

```
poetry install
```

This command will create a virtual environment and install all the necessary dependencies specified in the `pyproject.toml` file.

## Usage

1. Activate the virtual environment created by Poetry:

```
poetry shell
```

2. Run the project:

```
streamlit run "vita/app.py"
```

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to this project, follow the guidelines below:

1. Fork the repository and clone it locally.

2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature
   ```

3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.

4. Push your changes to your forked repository:
   ```
   git push origin feature/your-feature
   ```

5. Open a pull request in the original repository, describing your changes in detail.


## License

GPL v3

---
